I'm going to attempt
to spend the next seven days
in solitary confinement.
- Seal me up.
- Bye Jimmy.
Hopefully I don't go insane.
For the next seven days.
I have to survive in this soundproof
white room with zero human contact
and zero stimulation.
And because this is actually
psychologically dangerous,
the most important thing
is the doctor outside
making sure I don't go insane.
I worked in psych hospitals for 23
years, and this is much worse than anything
I've ever seen.
Anything past 50 hours
in a white room like this.
Can lead to permanent
psychological damage.
And I'm about to do 168 hours.
There is a chance that
I actually start to lose my mind
and go into something
called psychosis.
And they have to pull me out
because it can cause permanent
damage to me.
He survived
seven days, buried alive.
- Is this much harder?
- Much harder.
He doesn't have social contact.
If your brain doesn't
have information coming
in, it generates craziness.
It generates hallucinations, it
generates paranoia.
And all I have to survive for
the next week is a bed to sleep on,
a notebook with a pen,
a refillable bottle, water,
toothbrush with toothpaste
and a bar of soap,
a toilet to use the bathroom
and a sink for water.
At this point, it was clear to me
it was going to be difficult
to entertain myself
during this challenge.
Especially on hour nine
when I did this.
You're probably wondering
how many tiles are on these walls.
The correct answer is 1900.
And if you want the roof and floor
included, then it's 2860.
But more importantly
than all of that,
according to my stomach,
it is time to eat food.
So if you're wondering how I'm
eating during this challenge.
There's a conveyor belt here
which spans over 100 feet
so I can be fed
without any human interaction.
I think I've been in here around
14 hours.
Isn't it crazy that at this point
I was already off by 2 hours?
And so far the hardest part of the
challenge is no one's fed me yet.
In hindsight,
I should've ate more food.
Before I came in here.
Yeah, it would be really nice if
someone fed me sometime soon.
Your boy is very hungry.
- Did you wash your hands?
- Yeah, of course I did.
Oh, he did not.
We'll be sending him
his meals randomly
so he can't guess the time.
Like it's 6 p.m. right now,
and we're sending him his breakfast.
When are my friends
going to feed me?
I am hungry.
Now because this room is soundproof.
Even though the food arrived,
I didn't realize it
until I checked 2 hours later.
Too hungry to walk.
That's a little dramatic man,
come on.
So when I finally checked.
Oh, I was not actually expecting
food.
This tastes awesome.
It's cold and soggy, and I'm
just so deprived of feeling things.
This is great.
This solitary confinement set is
literally wrapped in metal chains.
If this set caught on fire.
I would probably burn alive
before they can unlock it.
Anyways, I'm going to think about
other things than that.
For the next few hours.
I try to keep myself as stimulated
as humanly possible.
Wow, that's kind of cool.
He's got nothing.
He has nothing to work with.
If he's already resulting to this
for basic stimulation,
I have my doubts that he'll last
seven days.
It's interesting how when you
take everything away from a man,
something as simple as a metal plate
can be like as fun as an iPhone.
He's going
to get agitated by way of boredom.
This is a very dehumanizing
experience.
I'm just going to go to bed
and we'll see what happens.
I think I'm around 40 hours
into the challenge.
Jimmy's 6 hours off on what time
he thinks it is.
Which means it's around 4 p.m.
on day number two.
I thought he'd be on track today.
Losing my sense of time
led to other problems.
No matter what I do,
I literally just can't sleep.
These lights are just really messing
with my brain.
Maybe I'll just lay here
for the next five days.
The reason he has insomnia is
he doesn't need to sleep.
He wants to sleep this off
and just get it over with.
But what he should be doing
is trying to do something
that is going to occupy
his attention while he's awake.
He's climbing the wall.
It's the natural human urge
for freedom.
He's regressing to primal instinct.
Why did I think it was 4pm?
Shouldn't that mean it's 9pm?
And by the time I had gotten around
to eating my first meal,
it was 4:30 in the afternoon.
Don't get me wrong, the food looks
good, but it is freezing cold.
I'd rather starved and
eat the rest of this.
So...
And when my second meal had arrived,
I felt like only minutes had passed.
What just came through the conveyor
belt?
Wait. How long has it been?
Am I supposed to eat both or...
It definitely was day two
when I got the second breakfast,
but I didn't eat much of the
breakfast, so maybe they felt bad
because I didn't
eat much of the breakfast.
Well, no...
At this point, I had no idea how long
that first meal was sitting
in the conveyor belt for.
Did you see he's getting a little paranoid?
That's the thing that can get worse
as time goes on.
It's only day two.
I'm not sure what to do.
I think I'm going to just see
how high I can count.
One, two, three, four.
It looks crazy, right?
565, 566, 567
When you're in a situation
where there's nothing to do
999.
What's crazy is to just succumb to it.
1,000.
As this progresses, he's going
to run out of random things to do.
And I got to give it to him.
The doctor was right.
Because later in this challenge
I borderline go insane.
Do you think I'd get it?
Do you think I'd?
And while my strategy to sleep
through most of the challenge
did help pass the time, it ended up
hurting me in other ways.
I see food over there.
It's freakin soggy and cold.
How long has this been sitting here?
This food's been sitting there
for 7 hours.
I would have given anything to eat
that ice cream.
It would have been nice
to have edible parts of the meal.
Well,
I guess I'll just be hungry again.
Normally, because we're working on
so many videos at once,
I'm usually, like, incredibly stressed.
As of right now,
I don't really feel that stressed
at all, but I feel a ton of anxiety
because I have this severe FOMO
that I'm missing tons of cool stuff
going on in the world.
It's weird.
It's a different emotion
than I'm used to.
It's pretty crazy
how hard it is to do nothing.
I'm starting to get really bored
This is getting very hard on me
mentally.
I'm bored.
Help.
I was nowhere near the 168
hour mark,
so by hour 65,
I started to wonder.
How do you do a handstand?
I wish before I came in here,
I had someone teach me the basics
of how to do a handstand.
He's going to have to invent
concepts that only exist in his mind
to keep himself from experiencing
intense depression.
I'm just going to envision
that I'm currently walking in a park.
There's green grass,
someone's fishing.
He's literally making up scenarios
in his head right now.
Oh my God.
All in all, it's very sunny.
I hear birds.
You've ruined my walk in the park.
Oh my God.
We're watching him slip into madness.
They gave me more food.
But it looks like we got some rice,
sweet potato and steak.
This is the best meal I've gotten
so far this challenge.
If you look right here,
you'll see some rice,
and any ordinary human
would probably eat this rice.
But I'm going to count it
13, 14, 15, 16, 17
97, 98, 99, 100, 101,
265, 266, 267,
307, 308, 309, 310,
421, 422, 423, 424.
445, 446, 447.
There are 447 grains of rice
on this metal tray.
This information probably profoundly
changed you as a human.
I'm feeling pretty tired,
which means it's
probably the night of the fifth.
I wasn't even
halfway through the challenge
and was already off a full day.
I'm going to get some more Zs in the
bathroom where it's not so freaking bright,
which proved to be
my smartest move yet
because I actually slept
in that bathroom for 12 hours.
We're officially halfway
into the challenge.
- 84 hours.
- Jimmy is.
And we're going to tell that
in his next meal.
Just kind of mix it all up for him.
I mean, he could still
put the letters together.
I am hungy.
Hungy I am.
What are we working with here?
What is this?
Bro's never heard
of SpaghettiOs?
And that wasn't the only thing
I was forgetting the name of.
What is this called?
This is a...
...a roll.
This is a lot of sauce for one roll.
Kind of tastes like ketchup.
How does he not notice
the letters in there?
That's an N.
- Yeah!
You guys forgot to take these
four SpaghettiOs out.
No!
Every time he finds a letter,
he just keeps eating it.
I hope those weren't
supposed to spell something.
That I was magically supposed
to realize that before I ate them
and then put it together
to figure out a word for more food.
Surely that's not what they wanted
for me.
Jimmy's about to watch this when
he gets out and feel so dumb.
Depression.
At this point, the bright lights
were really starting to get me.
I have a ginormous headache right now,
and I am so hungry.
What is going on to my body?
Well, he did ask for more food
even though
he is getting all the calories he needs.
But the reason for that
is that he's so under stimulated,
he thinks he's starving.
I ended up checking for food
over and over and over again.
This is oddly soothing.
Do you think I'd get a concussion
from doing this?
You should probably stop.
You're right.
I should probably stop.
There's a bag of McDonald's here.
It's suspiciously light.
If there is not McDonald's in this
bag, I'm going to be depressed.
There actually is.
Let's go.
Every time I get a meal, it's like
20 minutes of just pure happiness.
I feel human again.
I can't stop smiling.
I'm so happy.
And then the second I finish it,
I feel a wave of depression
because I'm like, What do I do now?
The seconds are starting
to blend together, so much.
I would try to guess what time
it is, but I have no earthly idea.
My mind is slowly deforming
into stupidity.
I need to occupy myself better.
We're going to grab this McDonald's
cheeseburger wrapper,
as well as this cup
that was holding my toothbrush.
And now we have basketball.
LeBron, Steph, Kobe,
maybe basketball's not my thing.
I think I was always better
at baseball. They're like,
Strike!
That was not what was supposed to happen.
And then I remembered...
Oh, there's a fork on it.
That I had an indestructible plate
from my very first meal.
I am going to throw this so far,
it is hilarious.
I'm bored.
I still have two days left inside
this room and I have a feeling
at some point
I'm going to want to leave.
It's day four.
No matter how much
I beg, or scream, or plead...
Or burp.
Do not let me out of this room
early.
Okay, Jimmy,
I got you.
My instincts tell me
I was so far done 113 hours,
which means
I have 55 hours remaining.
And whoever's editing this,
show them
how many hours
I actually have remaining.
Hopefully
in somewhere close to 55 hours.
I think he's going to get angry
and possibly paranoid about
what's going on.
Is a man not allowed to have privacy?
There's a camera there.
There's a camera above that.
There's a camera.
A camera, a camera, camera,
camera, camera, camera.
There's
so many cameras on me 24/7.
I'm going to go insane.
What if we throw the camera
through the conveyor...
Genius.
I'll treat it like bowling.
Somehow I hit my finger.
I severely underestimated
how hard this video would be.
Just thinking about
it has me like tearing up,
but I kind of feel like an animal
right now.
Like, I feel like I lost
all my rights as a human.
If I had to guess, I would say
I'm halfway through day five.
I really miss my girlfriend
and I miss the gang as well.
Even Nolan.
Mentally right now I'd say I'm
at like literal rock bottom.
Like, this is very inhumane.
I've been in here so long
that some of my dreams
are about me in this room, and
I think it's like day six or seven.
But then I wake up
and realize it was a dream.
What time is it?
I would pay so much money
to know what freaking time it is.
Let's go over why I think there
are 33 hours left in this challenge.
I've slept five times.
Reason number two,
I usually poop once a day,
and I've also pooped five times
since I got here.
Reason number three,
I've grown a lot of hair
on my neck here,
and this usually does
take like a week.
If for some reason...
If for some
reason it's still day five
Or God forbid, it's somehow
still day four,
I will lose my mind.
While I was sleeping,
I had a dream about that
one time that I counted to 100,000.
And so when I woke up,
I decided to do a thousand laps
around this room.
You know, for old times sake.
That'll be the marker.
1, 2, 3.
Watching back this footage,
it's literally crazy.
I resorted to walking in circles
to keep myself sane.
A thousand is way too many.
I'm already starting to get dizzy.
This entire challenge.
I've been getting water out of this
sink and I'm going to be honest.
this uh… this is… it…
I'm not... Bro.
Cirkul is a flavor cartridge
you can screw on your water bottle
and makes bland water taste amazing.
There's over 100 different flavors
that fit this bottle
that are all zero calories
and zero sugar.
Moving this tripod is miserable.
Choose
how intense you want the flavor
and then start drinking away.
It honestly adds so much flavor
I can't even tell it's sink water.
I've been drinking fruit punch
throughout this entire challenge
and it actually makes the water
taste amazing.
I'm going to walk back and forth
between these walls.
These cartridges also last for
multiple refills of your water bottle,
which is good because the boys suck
at sending these.
Sometimes I got to use the same one
for a whole day.
If you want to start
drinking more water
or just want your water
to start tasting
good in general,
go to drinkcirkul.com
or your local
Walmart to give it a try.
I've tried everything
to keep myself entertained
and I'm going to be honest.
It's not working.
And after I finished all my Cirkuls,
Karl brought back to people
from 100 days trapped together.
We're here.
Hey, check it out.
You guys are going to love this.
That's the faces of the guy
that trapped you guys for 100 days.
Would you say this is easier or
harder than what you guys did?
In comparison,
I think I'd rather have like
someone else in it with me.
And now that the tables had turned
and I was the one in the white cube,
Bailey
and Suzie plotted their revenge.
I'll show you guys
how the conveyor belt works.
They sent an empty tray.
He's about to freak out.
I don't feel bad at all.
This is what he gets.
I bet every dollar in my bank
account Karl just showed up.
No way!
You hungry, Jimmy?
Eat this!
No, we're not doing this.
We are not doing this.
We're not doing it.
This is the most stimulation
he's had in days.
Well, you got to
give them credit.
I probably deserve that.
Imagine this
is what happens after you die.
You just go to a white room
like this forever.
That would be miserable.
When I sleep.
I dream of me in the outside world.
And when I'm awake, I'm
just depressed and lonely
and to be honest, miserable.
So the more time I spend sleeping,
the happier I am.
Let me out.
I'm Batman.
I feel dead.
I really need to get out of here.
We did seven days on a raft,
I did seven days buried alive.
And now seven days
and solitary confinement.
If I had known how hard this would
be, I never would have done this.
If that hour number in the top left
says anything higher than 20,
I'm going to lose my mind.
I am feeling extremely lonely.
I miss my girlfriend.
This is torture.
Is he crying?
He's not doing well.
He's just like napping on the floor,
throwing things, having tantrums,
getting happy when he gets snacks,
he's like a child.
I think there's 8 hours left
and then they're going
to open that door right there.
And I am free.
I hope.
I pray. Please be 8 hours.
He thinks he's sleeping through
the last couple of hours right now.
That's what he thinks this is.
So it's going to be a rude
awakening, literally.
To be honest it's concerning.
I give it maybe another 2 to 3 hours
and that door opens.
I'm going to enjoy my last meal,
and then we're getting out of here.
- Did he just say it's his last meal?
- I think so.
Well, that's ironic because it's
literally exactly
24 hours.
Any hour now, they're going
to be walking through that door.
So I'm going to clean up
the place. It's a little messy.
You know, I was trying to make up
an excuse to clean, but in reality,
I'm just bored.
I thought coming into this experiment,
I would get more
mental clarity, maybe
learn a little bit about myself.
But in reality, all I'm walking away
with is the newfound skill
of being able to throw things out
a conveyor belt door.
Or maybe not.
There is just no world where there's
more than 24 hours left.
I can't do another 24 hours in here.
I've had my limit,
but it doesn't matter.
There's just not 24 hours left.
I just don't.
I refuse to believe that.
So any second now, any second now,
any second now.
To pass the time,
I'm going to resume counting.
One, two, three, four,
five, six, seven, eight, nine.
10, 11, 12,
13, 14, 15, 16,
20, 21, 22.
5422, 5423, 5424, 5425.
I swear to God
I heard something out there.
I'm sad.
I am sad.
I don't want to be here.
Get me out of this room.
This is barely human.
He's lying in bed, covering his eyes.
No excitement.
This is totally
not what you want to see.
How is he going to act? It's
going to be a new human.
I'm worried he's going to be
this human.
He's just collapsed
into dysfunction.
We've never pushed him
as far as he is pushed in this video.
Well because he's been totally deprived
of any human contact.
Be gentle, like a little kid
waking up from a nap.
Well, there's 10 minutes left,
so let's go get ready.
- Thank you.
- Good luck.
I'm going to die.
Ten, nine, eight.
Seven, six, five, four...
Hold on.
Wait, I don't even have pants on.
Three, two, one.
Oh, my gosh.
Hey, Jimmy.
Sorry,
I was just putting my pants on.
It's not as bright out here.
How is it, dude?
I'm actually kind of lightheaded.
You know, it's crazy,
but after this challenge
I kind of forgot how to interact
with humans.
Where he’s going?
It's actually relieving
to not stare at a bright light.
It's like the ceiling is awesome.
This is the happiest
I've seen you in a long time.
Honestly, I thought I was
perpetually
just going to be 24 hours forever.
Follow me outside.
I want to see the sun.
Oh, my God.
It's dark out.
So nice to see the
outside world.